Improve stability checker directory (#1613)
kyma-project/test-infra: stability-checker/README.md

To ensure the cluster's stability, install the Stability Checker in the cluster. 
It runs a testing script in a loop and sends notifications with the test executions summary on a Slack channel.

> You may need the [Octopus](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/octopus) and its CRDs to run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Octopus](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/octopus) to run the tests.
```
